README.md, before:

# DGPH
Introduction to Digital Health for Global Public Health Master students with a practical focus on web technologies, programming, and data visualization.


---

## A. Computers, Networking, and the Web

Required Reading: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=7275452

### 1. Digging Deeper - Understanding your machine

- Interactive: The Status Quo and Future Outlook of Digital Health around the world
- Hands-on: [Chapter 1 and 2](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=7275452)


### 2. Networking - The web and its infrastructure

- Interactive: Servers, Clients, IPs and Protocols of the Internet
- Hands-on:
  - Extending the Webpage [Chapter 3-6 - Additonal Elements, Lists, Links, Tables, Images](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=66)
  - Serving your page with Python

### 3. Presentation - Cascading Stylesheets (CSS)

Hands-on: [Cascading Stylesheets - Chapters 7-10](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=162)

### 4. Responsive and Interactive Websites

Hands-on: [Chapter 10-11](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=240)


---

## B. Automation and Scripting with Python

Required Reading, Chapter 1-6: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7107722

### 1. Data Types

### 2. Conditions

### 3. Loops

### 4. Functions


---

## C. Data Visualization

Required Reading, Part I-IV: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=30285041

### 1. Storing and Loading Data

### 2. Cleaning Data

### 3. Visualizing Data

### 4. Creating interactive Visualizations

Commit message:

Update README.md with Networking Topics\

README.md, after:

# DGPH
Introduction to Digital Health for Global Public Health Master students with a practical focus on web technologies, programming, and data visualization.


---

## A. Computers, Networking, and the Web

Required Reading: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=7275452

### 1. Digging Deeper - Understanding your machine

- Interactive: The Status Quo and Future Outlook of Digital Health around the world
- Hands-on: [Chapter 1 and 2](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=7275452)

- Preparing a Simple Website with HTML and CSS
- Uploading your Site to Github
- More on the Git Protocol: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1708145139515109449

### 2. Networking - The web and its infrastructure

- Interactive: Servers, Clients, IPs and Protocols of the Internet
  - Tech Concepts Visualized: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte
  - URL/URI/URN: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1695825224019943714/photo/1
  - Request/Response on the Web: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1711406474654814575
  - HTTP Status Codes: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1712487706859905137/photo/1
  - HTTPS: https://twitter.com/bytebytego/status/1715973551235510532/photo/1
  - TCP/IP: https://twitter.com/bagder/status/1716693365234798909/photo/1
  - Advanced Network Protocols: https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1708863540067696878   
- Hands-on:
  - Extending the Webpage [Chapter 3-6 - Additonal Elements, Lists, Links, Tables, Images](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=66)
  - Serving your page with Python

### 3. Presentation - Cascading Stylesheets (CSS)

Hands-on: [Cascading Stylesheets - Chapters 7-10](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=162)

### 4. Responsive and Interactive Websites

Hands-on: [Chapter 10-11](https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7275452&ppg=240)


---

## B. Automation and Scripting with Python

Required Reading, Chapter 1-6: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/reader.action?docID=7107722

### 1. Data Types

### 2. Conditions

### 3. Loops

### 4. Functions


---

## C. Data Visualization

Required Reading, Part I-IV: https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/th-deggendorf/detail.action?docID=30285041

### 1. Storing and Loading Data

### 2. Cleaning Data

### 3. Visualizing Data

### 4. Creating interactive Visualizations
